Zhao Hailong of the Axe Gang recognized Wu Tian as his godfather
Said to kill me, I don't want to kill myself
Please help me solve it.
Hahahaha
You're taking advantage of the situation
You, a small security guard, can also call a security guard.
Do you know the security guard?
Well, when I usually slap the security guard
They didn't dare to say anything
You actually called them to testify against you
Don't look down on the security
Today you will meet the best security guard in the world
You will see your whole life
And the entire Zhao family were destroyed by the security guards
Hahaha, who is so crazy?
Dare to destroy the Zhao family
Godfather, you are here
Eldest son, I will naturally come to your business
Thank you godfather Shen Longshan
Seen god
Do you think you have how much money?
It's amazing
Don't take me seriously
God is serious
I have always known your reputation
Sell God's face everywhere
Is that right? Then why are you the mother-drowning king?
And have a security guard be rude to me for smoking
That's right.
What about the security guard who called me on the phone just now?
Are you blind and don't know me?